good morning good afternoon good evening
youtuber everyone welcome to the distant
tracker com top 5 trials of Asura's
clips episode 1 and will start things
off at number 5 is sinister cyber 99
using his fists of havoc to take out to
the enemy for quick scoping the third
row complete wipe next up at number 4 is
ab 0 curries the last one left on his
team could use red death here to take
out the entire enemy team gets all three
down but the self erase from my son
singer a lot of shooting going on behalf
to use a grenade for the finish and
takes out the entire enemy team on his
lonesome and at number three we have the
North 30 using prelude to arrange
missing the first couple of shots there
but getting a two for one with the
explosion from the headshot waits for
the revived and gets another two for one
with the explosion from the hedge up and
there's a special bonus we have a clip
from Dino here using the extremely
overpower tactic of sitting down to
avoid accion ball before pulling out the
shotgun and going one person three to
take out the entire
at number two we have break down with
possibly one of the quickest trials of
Osiris rounds ever seen takes out his
grenade throws it and boom 341 and last
but not least at number one is ballista
phobia who only needs three shots to
take out the entire enemy team there's
one and two and here comes number 30 all
done twelve seconds enemy team
eliminated and that is it for this
episode please continue to submit your
clips and maybe next time we'll be
seeing you at top five to learn